next morning Diablo and the other otters
are all by the den something's going on
they look anxious there's a large caiman
near the den entrance the Cubs are
inside but Diablo is not going to
tolerate any caiman this close to them
[Music]
the caiman is much larger than Lotus and
one bite from it could be fatal
undeterred Diablo leads the family in
the gang encircle the caiman attempting
to intimidate it the caiman stands its
ground mum Sofia moves in to distract it
from the front giving dîablø the chance
to boldly bite the caiman right on the
end of the tail outnumbered and
outmatched the caiman retreats most came
along bare out like this when faced with
a whole family of giant otters the
dangerous ones are those that refused to
back down